Draft: Get started guide xk6 browser (#828)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/30 xk6-browser/01 Getting started/04 Metrics.md

---
title: 'Browser metrics'
excerpt: 'An overview of the different browser performance metrics that xk6-browser tracks.'
---

Apart from the usual HTTP specific metrics that k6 already tracks, xk6-browser tracks the following browser specific performance metrics on top:

| Metric Name                    |  Description                                                                                     |
|--------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| browser_dom_content_loaded     | Measures the time for when the page is loaded but scripts have just started to be executed.      |
| browser_first_paint            | Measures the time for when the first pixel is painted on the browser.                            |

> | browser_first_contentful_paint | Measures the time for when the first bit of content is painted on the browser.                   |

Reviewer: Hhmm the explanation of these two sounds very similar. I'm honestly not sure about the difference myself, so can we look up a better description that makes it clearer what the difference is?

Author: Will change these, thanks Ivan!

> | browser_first_meaningful_paint | Measures the time for when the primary content, which is meaningful, is painted on the browser.  |

Reviewer: Here as well. "which is meaningful" doesn't explain much, so maybe can we expand on what we mean by "primary content"?

Author: Will change this, thanks Ivan!

> | browser_dom_content_loaded     | Measures the time for when the page is loaded but scripts have just started to be executed.      |
> | browser_first_paint            | Measures the time for when the first pixel is painted on the browser.                            |
> | browser_first_contentful_paint | Measures the time for when the first bit of content is painted on the browser.                   |
> | browser_first_meaningful_paint | Measures the time for when the primary content, which is meaningful, is painted on the browser.  |
> | browser_loaded                 | Measures the time for when the page is fully loaded.                                             |

Reviewer: "Measures the time for when" sounds a bit awkward, and the metric itself doesn't "measure" anything.

So maybe:

```suggestion
| browser_dom_content_loaded     | Emitted when the page is loaded but scripts have just started to be executed.      |
| browser_first_paint            | Emitted when the first pixel is painted on the browser.                            |
| browser_first_contentful_paint | Emitted when the first bit of content is painted on the browser.                   |
| browser_first_meaningful_paint | Emitted when the primary content, which is meaningful, is painted on the browser.  |
| browser_loaded                 | Emitted when the page is fully loaded.                                             |
```
